Add staff_only property for creating guilds (#198)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/guild.mdx

| channels? ^2^                  | array[partial [channel](/resources/channel#channel-object) object] | Channels in the new guild                                                                                                  |
| afk_channel_id?                | ?snowflake                                                         | The ID of the guild's AFK channel; this is where members in voice idle for longer than `afk_timeout` are moved             |
| afk_timeout?                   | integer                                                            | The AFK timeout of the guild (one of 60, 300, 900, 1800, 3600, in seconds)                                                 |

> | staff_only? ^3^                | boolean                                                            | If new guild available for staff only.                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| staff_only? ^3^                | boolean                                                            | Whether the new guild will only be accessible for Discord employees                                                                                     |
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe also add an "(adds the [`INTERNAL_EMPLOYEE_ONLY` guild feature](#guild-feature))" at the end

^2^ When specified, none of the default channels are created, and the `position` field is always ignored. Additionally, the `id` field within each channel object may be set to an integer placeholder, and will be replaced by the API upon consumption. Its purpose is to allow you to create `GUILD_CATEGORY` channels by setting the `parent_id` field on any children to the category's `id` field. Category channels must be listed before any children.

> ^3^ Adds the `INTERNAL_EMPLOYEE_ONLY` flag, making the server only available for Discord employees.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
^3^ Adds the [`INTERNAL_EMPLOYEE_ONLY` guild feature](#guild-features), making the server only available for Discord employees. Only settable by Discord employees.
```

> ^3^ Only available for Discord employees, otherwise it will return 403 (adds the [INTERNAL_EMPLOYEE_ONLY guild feature](/resources/guild#guild-features)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^3^ Adds the `INTERNAL_EMPLOYEE_ONLY` flag, making the server only available for Discord employees.
```
